'Utterly Persuaded by a Stone' features 23 abstract paintings by Zachary Olpin, an artist residing in Salt Lake City, Utah. Zachary\'s work has been described as having a 'natural beauty of its own' and 'possessive, to the point where it is often described as one of the finest and most beautiful works of art in the United States.' The paintings, which were painted by young children, were of a delicate nature, and were of a striking color and quality. The artist was very good-natured and generous in his hospitality, and expressed his appreciation for the children's gifts and the art of the work.

He was a member of the Salt Lake City chapter of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. His works, called 'The World of Painters,' were exhibited at the Museum of Fine Arts in Salt Lake City from May to June, 1886. Zachary Olpin was the sole owner of the painting. He was preceded in death by his wife, Mary Olpin, and three sons, Zachary, William and Benjamin Olpin.

The Olpin family moved to Utah from Texas in 1907. Zachary Olpin was a member of the Methodist Episcopal Church and was the founder of the Church of the Holy Trinity in Salt Lake City. His son, Zachary and his wife Mary, died in the summer of 1936.

The Olpin family was a family of artists that formed in the late 1890s, when they moved to Utah. In 1897, a group of artists, including Zachary and his wife, moved to Utah, and in 1902, they formed the first artistic group in the United States, the Olpin Association. The Olpin Association was formed in Salt Lake City in August, 1902.

In the mid-1900s, the children of Zachary and Mary Olpin began to have a real interest in the art of painters. In early 1904, they began to work on an art exhibition entitled 'Painting in the World: A Story of the Painters of Utah.' In the exhibition, which was completed in December of that year, the children of Zachary and Mary Olpin exhibited their work in an exhibition at the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C., where it was displayed for the first time. Since that time, the children of Zachary and Mary Olpin have been involved in the art of painters.

An exhibition entitled 'The Painters of Utah' was organized in Salt Lake City, Utah in April, 1905. The exhibition was a celebration of the history of painters and their influence on the art of painters in Utah. In it, the children of Zachary and
